[Event Hubs][hotfix] Adds try/catch statements around user callback to receive (#5781)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/changelog.md

### 2019-10-23 2.1.2

> - Errors thrown in the user-provided message handler to `client.receive` are now properly caught by the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Errors thrown in the user-provided message and error handlers to `client.receive` are now properly caught by the client.
```

> - Errors thrown in the user-provided message and error handlers to `client.receive` are now properly caught and logged by the library.

Reviewer: Provide link to PR
